doc(release): add release note for centreon-autodiscovery-21.10.3 (#1414)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-21.10/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon Auto Discovery

### 21.10.3

> Release date: `null`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release date: `March 31, 2022`
```

#### Improvements

> - In the Host Discovery job result listing, the red "warning" sign that used to point out that a discovered host already existed has been replaced with a yellow one because it suggested that a severe problem occurred. The "info" sign that lead to the raw discovery data has been replaced with a "text file" icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In the Host Discovery job result listing, the red "warning" sign that used to point out that a discovered host already existed has been replaced with a yellow one because the colour red suggested that a severe problem had occurred. The "info" sign that led to the raw discovery data has been replaced with a "text file" icon.
```

#### Bug fixes

> - Fixed a front-end issue when editing a hostgroup or a hostcategory mapper in Host Discovery led to a blank page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a front-end issue where editing a hostgroup or a hostcategory mapper in Host Discovery led to a blank page.
```

> - Fixed a front-end issue where editing a hostgroup or a hostcategory mapper in Host Discovery led to a blank page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a front-end issue where editing a hostgroup or a hostcategory mapper in Host Discovery led to a blank page
```

> - Host discovery did not support `NULL` values for job parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Host discovery did not support `NULL` values for job parameters
```

> - Changed the size of a column to allow storing host discovery provider coming from Plugin Packs with names > 50 characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changed the size of a column to allow storing host discovery providers coming from Plugin Packs with names exceeding 50 characters.
```

> - Changed the size of a column to allow storing host discovery providers coming from Plugin Packs with names exceeding 50 characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changed the size of a column to allow storing host discovery providers coming from Plugin Packs with names exceeding 50 characters
```

> - ACL were not updated for items discovered by Host Discovery or Service Discovery.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ACLs were not updated for items discovered by Host Discovery or Service Discovery
```

> - Fixed an issue that caused Service Discovery scans to fail because the wrong message was caught.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused Service Discovery scans to fail because the wrong message was caught
```
